.TH GTKADA-CONFIG 1 "29 March 1999" "GNU Debian/Linux" "GtkAda programming manual"
.SH NAME
gtkada-config - script to get information about the installed version of GTKADA
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B gtkada-config
[\-\-prefix\fI[=DIR]\fP] [\-\-version] [\-\-libs] [\-\-cflags] [\-\-static]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
\fIgtkada-config\fP is a tool that is used to configure to determine
the compiler and linker flags that should be used to compile
and link programs that use \fIGTKADA\fP.
.
.SH OPTIONS
.l
\fIgtkada-config\fP accepts the following options:
.TP 8
.B  \-\-version
Print the currently installed version of \fIGTKADA\fP on the standard output.
.TP 8
.B  \-\-libs
Print the linker flags that are necessary to link a \fIGTKADA\fP program.
.TP 8
.B  \-\-cflags
Print the compiler flags that are necessary to compile a \fIGTKADA\fP program.
.TP 8
.B  \-\-static
Print the flags that are necessary to statically build a \fIGTKADA\fP program.
.TP 8
.B  \-\-prefix=PREFIX
If specified, use PREFIX instead of the installation prefix that \fIGTKADA\fP
was built with when computing the output for the \-\-cflags and
\-\-libs options. This option must be specified
before any \-\-libs or \-\-cflags options.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR glade (1)
.SH "COPYRIGHT FOR THIS MAN PAGE"
This man page has been written by Samuel Tardieu
for the Debian GNU/Linux distribution, from informations given
by the GtkAda authors Emmanuel Briot, Joel Brobecker and Arnaud Charlet.

Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this documentation
for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted,
provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that
both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear in
supporting documentation.

